Hi I'm Andrew Silvera.
Silvera and I worked on identifying
reducing redundancy in our data set
using a high correlation filter.
We eliminated variables with correlation
coefficients above 0.9,
ensuring each feature contributes unique
information.
Next,
we visualize the relationships between
variables using a correlation heat maps,
which provided a clear overview of how
certain years of or price indicators are
interrelated.
Next,
we performed principal component analysis
to condense the remaining
features into smaller
the number of principal components.
Our screen plot showed just a few
components captured over 90% of the total
variance,
significantly simplifying our data while
retaining interoperability.